Update syncproxy.md (#5)
CloudNetService/website: versioned_docs/version-3.3/modules/syncproxy.md

If you want to turn off maintenance MOTDs empty the array. This should look like this: `"maintenanceMotds": [],`
:::

#### tablist

> This is a json array containing the different tablists which are randomly selected.

Reviewer: The tablist is not really random, it's an animation

Author: Is fixed in new Commit

> This is a json array containing the different tablists which are playing in an animation.

Reviewer 2: In my opinion

```suggestion
It is a json array of the different animations that are displayed in the tablist one after the other.
```

would fit better

Author: Ok i will change it to that

:::

#### tablist

> This is a json array containing the different tablists which are playing in a animation.

Reviewer: an animation
